The definitive guide to HDFC Infinia Metal card
Before I got the card, I tried to consume as much info as possible about the card, and thought I understood it. Turns out, I did not :/. While it's simple to understand all the benefits, it's tough to wrap your head around the Reward Points 'til you start using the card itself.

I am giving back the latest knowledge as of Dec 2023 regarding the Infinia Metal Card, so that you can make an informed decision! :)

I. GAINING Reward Points (Needs min spend Rs150)

Accelerated Reward Points (Max limit for accelerated gain: 15k pts/month)

33% pts gained (10x) - Spending 45k/month will max out the limit

Hotels (Makemytrip, Cleartrip, Yatra)

Medicine or Lab Tests (PharmEasy)

Jockey

IGP Gift Vouchers

16% pts gained (5x) - Spending 90k/month will max out the limit

Flights (Cleartrip, Easemytrip, Yatra, Goibibo)

Buses (Redbus)

Myntra

Nykaa

Zoomcar

Apple (Imagine)

Vouchers from Gyftr

10% pts gained (3x) - Spending 1.5L/month will max out the limit

Trains (IRCTC)

Base Reward Points (Max limit for gains: 2L pts/month)

3.3% pts gained (1x) - Spending 60L/month will max out the limit

Once accelerated points limit is reached in a month

Remaining all online/offline txns

Exemptions from gaining Reward Points:

0% pts gained (0x)

Fuel transactions

EasyEMI and e-wallet loading transactions

If a retail transaction is converted into SmartEMI

Rental pay transactions, property management services like rent, maintenance, packers &movers, etc and government transactions

II. REDEEMING Reward Points:

1rs/pt (max 70% is redeemable by points, 30% has to be paid by CC):

Flights via Smartbuy

Hotel via Smartbuy

Apple via Imagine Store

Tanishq Vouchers

0.5rs/pt:

Buy Products and Vouchers via SmartBuy

0.3rs/pt:

Convert to Cash

III. TRANSFERRING Reward Points:

1 pt by hdfc valued at 1 pt:

Airplanes:

Air Canada (aeroplan)

Airasia (airasia rewards)

Avianca (columbian)

Finnair

Air France (Flying blue)

Hainan airlines (Fortune Wings Club)

Vietnam Airlines (Lotusmiles)

Turkish Airlines (miles and smiles)

Hotels:

Accor - Note: Accor values their points higher at 40 EUR per 2000 points. So it works out to be 1.7x to 1.8x depending on the conversion rate!

IHG one

Wyndham

1 pt by hdfc valued at 0.5 pt:

Airplanes:

Air Canada (aeroplan)

British Airways

Etihad Airways

United Airlines (MileagePlus)

Cappings on redeeming Reward Points:

Flights, hotels, airmiles transfer via Smartbuy - 1.5L pts/month (ie. Rs 1.5L/month)

Tanishq vouchers - 50k pts/month (ie. Rs 16.6k/month)

Cashback - 50k pts/month (ie. Rs 16.6k/month)

IV. Other Card Benefits:

Hotels:

clubMarriot subscription - 25% off on food and 20% off on rooms and spa on weekdays

ITC: 2 nights free on 3 nights; and 1+1 buffet

Lounge access:

Unlimited access across the world, using Priority Pass - Includes alcohol, shop on app duty free,

Free Be Relax Spas in Malaysia, Singapore, London, Germany, Dubai, and USA.

Golf (not all courses are available, it's often the ones that 1-2hrs away from home!):

Unlimited golf rounds across world and golf coaching across India. See: Domestic courses and International courses

24x7 Personal Concierge service:

Book golf

Book travel and stay

Airport VIP meet and greet

Travel abroad:

2% forex charge on all spendings

Rs 50L medical emergency insured globally

Though not activated out of the box, one can call to the priority desk and enable the Global Value Program which will give 1% cashback on all international transactions.

Standard Reward Rate on Infinia/DCB: +3.3%

Foreign Currency Markup: -2% plus GST = -2.36%

Global Value Program Cashback: +1%

Net Reward Rate for international transactions: +1.94%

V. Other tiny details:

Minimum credit limit is Rs 8L. Not sure about the max.

The annual fee of Rs 12.5k is waived off upon spending Rs 10L in a year.

0 Cash Withdrawal charge upon withdrawing upto 40% of the card limit value in India.

Reward points lapse after 3 years of not using it. And all points are nullified if the card is not used for 365 days.

The card itself is insured against fraud and lost

Add-on cards:

Supports up to 3 add-on cards for family members, for free.

The card number and CVV is same, but the name is different.

The credit limit is shared across all the cards.

There is a separate section in the app to manage the limits of all add-on cards. You can control the international/atm/etc usage, and see the individual spends too.

Add-on cardholders are also given Priority Pass (global lounge access).

Add-on cardholders do not get gold privileges.

Let me know if this post helped. If I've missed something or got anything wrong, please correct me and I will update the post. :)